fix(rocsparse): remove erroneous __restrict__ qualifiers on shared memory (#10270)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocsparse/CHANGELOG.md

### Resolved issues
* Fixed an issue with `rocsparse_spmm`, which produced incorrect results for the Blocked ELL sparse format.

> * Fixed an issue with `rocsparse_spmm` for CSR/CSC and the nnz-split algorithm, which produced incorrect results. The segmented block reduction marked its shared memory pointers `__restrict__`. Threads in the block read the values that other threads wrote, so the attribute was not valid.

Reviewer: This entry will need to be moved to 5.1 but I can do that after the merge.

> * Fixed an issue with `rocsparse_spmm` for CSR/CSC and the nnz-split algorithm, which produced incorrect results. The segmented block reduction marked its shared memory pointers `__restrict__`. Threads in the block read the values that other threads wrote, so the attribute was not valid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with `rocsparse_spmm` when using the nnz-split algorithm with the CSR or CSC format. The operation produced incorrect results because the segmented-block-reduction helper had shared-memory pointer parameters marked `__restrict__`, while threads in the block must read values written by other threads. The `__restrict__` attribute has now been removed.
```
